New command: aad o365groups recyclebinitem clear 2033 (#2463)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/aad/o365group/o365group-recyclebinitem-clear.md

# aad o365group recyclebinitem clear

Clears Microsoft 365 Groups from the recycle bin in the current tenant

## Usage

```sh
m365 aad o365group recyclebinitem clear [options]
```

## Options

`--confirm`
: Don't prompt for confirmation to clear the recycle bin items.

--8<-- "docs/cmd/_global.md"

## Examples

> Clears all deleted Microsoft 365 Groups in the tenant.Will prompt for confirmation before removing the group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clears all deleted Microsoft 365 Groups in the tenant. Will prompt for confirmation before removing the group
```

Author: Updated the description for both the examples.

```sh
m365 aad o365group recyclebinitem clear
```

> Clears all deleted Microsoft 365 Groups in the tenant. Will NOT prompt for confirmation before removing the group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes all deleted Microsoft 365 Groups in the tenant. Will NOT prompt for confirmation before permanently removing groups
```

Author: Fixed. Also updated the description for the sample without '--confirm' option to reflect similar terminology.
